mira este email y arrelglalo, este es un plugin gratis no tiene pro!!! Your plugin has been closed as it has been found to be in violation of the directory guidelines, which can be reviewed here:

https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-org/detailed-plugin-guidelines/
https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-org/block-specific-plugin-guidelines/

https://wordpress.org/plugins/all-sources-images/

For the next 60 days, your plugin will display a message stating that it has been closed. After this period, it will indicate that the closure was due to a Guideline Violation. To avoid that being made public, you must correct the issues and pass a code review within 60 days.

What to do next
First and foremost, don't panic. We understand that this is a frustrating situation, and having your plugin closed is never ideal. To help restore your plugin as quickly as possible, you are required to do the following:

Complete the listed corrections: Please complete all the corrections listed in the following section.
Conduct a full security and standards review: Make sure your code follows WordPress security and development best practices.
Increase the plugin version: Update the version number in your plugin files.
Update the 'Tested up to' version: Ensure that the readme file reflects compatibility with the latest WordPress release.
Update your code in SVN: Push the corrected code to the repository.
Request a re-review: Reply to this email to notify us that the required changes have been made and request a re-review of your plugin.

If you believe this decision was made in error, please reply to this email and provide a detailed explanation.

Plugins are closed immediately upon identifying a violation, and the developer is contacted when this happens. Due to limitations in our notification system, the plugin will remain closed until it has been updated to comply with our guidelines.

When we re-review your code, we will look at not just the changes but the entire plugin, so there may be a delay.

Why this is a violation

🔴 Trialware and Locked Features
Please review your plugin to ensure that it does not include any locked or restricted built-in functionality. This is not permitted under the WordPress.org Plugin Directory Guidelines you agreed to when submitting the plugin.

❌ Guideline 5 – Trialware
Plugins must be fully functional. You may not:
Lock, disable or limit built-in features behind a license key, trial period, usage limit, time, quota or any other kind of intended restriction.

Even if the locked feature is present in the code "just in case the user upgrades," it's still not allowed. Your plugin may point out which features are available through a separated plugin, but that's it. All plugin code hosted on WordPress.org must be free and fully functional.

🌐 Guideline 6 – Serviceware
Plugins may connect to a legitimate external service to perform certain functionality, provided:
The service performs actual processing on external servers.
The functionality provided cannot be done locally by the plugin.
The service is clearly documented in your readme, including Terms of Use and Privacy Policy links.

For example: a "Spam checker" plugin that connects to a external service to check for spam (and thus uses it to provide that functionality) is generally acceptable. A plugin that simply checks a license key to unlock local features is not.

✅ Ask yourself:
Does any function only work after a license check or payment?
Is any functionality in the plugin code disabled or limited until it's unlocked?
Are there any limitations on the plugin after a certain amount of time or usage?

After excluding functionalities provided by legitimate external services, if the answer is yes to any of the above, the plugin does not comply.

🔧 How to fix it:
Remove all license checks or other mechanisms that control access to features built in in the plugin code.
Remove or fully enable any built in features that are currently locked or limited.
Make sure external services are compliant and clearly documented.

ℹ️ Important clarification:
WordPress.org is not a marketplace. It's a repository for free, fully functional, GPL-compliant plugins.

If you are not offering a service and want to offer additional features through a paid version, that code must be:
Hosted elsewhere (e.g., your own website).
Not included in the plugin hosted on WordPress.org.
GPL compliant: Do not include any mechanisms that would prevent a plug-in from being used after a license has been checked.

✨ Yes — the plugin intentionally restricts multi-block image generation: the UI states only Pro allows multiple blocks, while the AJAX generation path hardcodes processing to the first block only ($int_blockIndex = 0; $counter_blocks = 1) even though other code can iterate through all configured image blocks.

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need clarification.

Best Regards,